I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
I was really surprised.
It's been about an hour and a half.
It's been too long.
I've been standing for days.
I'm hungry.
I'm so tired.
I should have brought a coat.
I should have brought a lunch box.
I'm going to the school.
I can't stand it.
You're a Japanese.
You're hungry.
I want to answer.
The customer just came.
Hello?
Are you still there?
I'm a little tired.
I just got a little tired.
What's wrong?
The head of the school is having lunch.
What?
Where is the head of the school?
You don't even know the context of this.
When the first choice of work is made by the manager,
the manager immediately picks a custom Начale.
What custom is this?
From there, it exercises,
and goes to floor with two balls of noodle.
For double number two on each side,
comes a man of the merchant.
Oh, come on.
No nightę you string money I won't."
Suddenly, when he goes short to the
And finally, he arrives at the gold-mining office.
It's a bit of a hassle, isn't it?
What's with the gold-mining office?
This is the real problem.
The interior minister is a direct employee.
One of the servants is doing a thorough investigation.
What kind of investigation?
How much water is in the pot?
If it's a pot, how big is the pot?
How heavy is it?
How many grams of rice is in the pot?
How much soba noodles are in the pot?
How long are the leeks?
How thick is the pot?
He's measuring it with a very precise ruler.
That's dirty!
Are you measuring it with a food-like ruler?
That's why it's dirty.
You can do it now.
Oh, the bell is ringing.
It's done.
You guys, come out.
You can eat without any hesitation.
Of course. Who would be the one to do that?
I'm not hungry.
The sake has cooled down completely.
The time has passed.
Maybe the sake has cooled down a little.
The head of the house was eating.
The time has passed.
The soba has also grown.